main.md, before:

---
title: "An awesome paper on an amazing topic"
author:
  - name: "Author1"
    affiliation: "University of A1"
    email: "`author1@u1.edu`"
  - name: "Author2"
    affiliation: "A2 Institute of Technology"
    email: "`author2@a2.edu`"
abstract: |
  There is the need for an awesome system, so we built one.
---

# Introduction

The intro goes here. We can cite existing work [@lamport_time_1978] 
and some more [@gray_granularity_1976 ; @lampson_how_1996 ; 
@stonebraker_readings_1988].

The article can also include [links to pages](http://wikipedia.org). 
We can also refer to other sections, for example, [see\ ](#bg).

# Background {#bg}

Then some background so that people can understand

# Our System

The architecture of the system can be seen below (Figure 1).

![Our system is fairly simple. It consists of a single 
rectangle](figures/square.png)

## The high-level features

The article can also tables. And a table listing some things:

-------------------------------------------------------------
 Centered   Default           Right Left
  Header    Aligned         Aligned Aligned
----------- ------- --------------- -------------------------
   First    row                12.0 Example of a row that
                                    spans multiple lines.

  Second    row                 5.0 Here's another one. Note
                                    the blank line between
                                    rows.
-------------------------------------------------------------

Table: Here's the caption. It, too, may span
multiple lines.

## The Details

Then some details. With some cpp code:

```cpp
#include <iostream.h>

main()
{
    cout << "Hello World!";
    return 0;
}
```

We can also use footnotes[^footnote].

[^footnote]: This footnote is for illustration purposes only, don't 
take it too seriously.

# Bibliography

<!-- hanged biblio -->

\noindent
\vspace{-2em}
\setlength{\parindent}{-0.26in}
\setlength{\leftskip}{0.2in}
\setlength{\parskip}{8pt}

Commit message:

Changing plain-text format of table

main.md, after:

---
title: "An awesome paper on an amazing topic"
author:
  - name: "Author1"
    affiliation: "University of A1"
    email: "`author1@u1.edu`"
  - name: "Author2"
    affiliation: "A2 Institute of Technology"
    email: "`author2@a2.edu`"
abstract: |
  There is the need for an awesome system, so we built one.
---

# Introduction

The intro goes here. We can cite existing work [@lamport_time_1978] 
and some more [@gray_granularity_1976 ; @lampson_how_1996 ; 
@stonebraker_readings_1988].

The article can also include [links to pages](http://wikipedia.org). 
We can also refer to other sections, for example, [see\ ](#bg).

# Background {#bg}

Then some background so that people can understand

# Our System

The architecture of the system can be seen below (Figure 1).

![Our system is fairly simple. It consists of a single 
rectangle](figures/square.png)

## The high-level features

The article can also include tables. A table might contain and be 
formatted in different ways (see Table 1).

| Left-Aligned  | Center Aligned  | Right Aligned |
| :------------ |:---------------:| -----:|
| col 3 is      | some wordy text | $1600 |
| col 2 is      | centered        |   $12 |
| zebra stripes | are neat        |    $1 |

Table: Here's the caption. It, too, may span
multiple lines.

## The Details

Then some details. With some cpp code:

```cpp
#include <iostream.h>

main()
{
    cout << "Hello World!";
    return 0;
}
```

We can also use footnotes[^footnote].

[^footnote]: This footnote is for illustration purposes only, don't 
take it too seriously.

# Bibliography

<!-- hanged biblio -->

\noindent
\vspace{-2em}
\setlength{\parindent}{-0.26in}
\setlength{\leftskip}{0.2in}
\setlength{\parskip}{8pt}
